So till the last part, we have covered everything about the like initializing the variables which are
going to be required inside this visualization class.
So basically we declared all the variables globally.
Now this is the structure for the node of the tree.
So head is the tree, head is the node.
And we have discussed about points.
So there is a structure for points also.
And these points are the distance between two nodes which this line is joining and this line here we
consider as branches of this tree.
So this is the root, this is the branch, and this is the another node also.
And the leaf at the bottom is part of this tree.
So everything was covered in the node structure and point structure.
We also have like declared variables for storing the height of root, left and right children and now
coming to this graph.
So we have discussed that this node is like being stored in a form of a rectangle which is painted green.
So here we are using the graphics component of the JWT library, which is helping us to like draw this
node whenever we hit like add button or even if we hit delete button, then this graphics are changing
their structures.
So yes, this graphics is passed as an argument and these the nodes are like appearing in a form of
a painted man now coming to these tags.
So we are storing these nodes in the form of a stack.
Stack is also a data structure which follows last in first out principle.
So we call it as leaf principle.
So suppose if a like a node is entered at last at the tree so it will be deleted first.
Like this is the most easiest part to remove a leaf from this tree.
Like to delete a node from this tree and it is like a bit difficult to remove the middle part or the
like, whether it is a left child, but it is present in the middle part.
Basically we call them as non leaf nodes.
So yes.
And the algorithm is like it is following the stack principle of leaf last in first out here this node
is containing a like object or we can call it as a method.
So this is current.
This current is storing the root at the beginning and these points are like joining one node from the
other.
So suppose we want to like we have a root which is stored as current.
See you are now we want to add something in this tree so a line will be drawn and then the like supposed
to be added will be attached here.
So this is done like we have to use this offset.
This offset is basically containing the height of this tree.
Initially the height is zero when the tree is only containing this node one, the height or like a node
is added to the tree, the height will increase and offset will contain another value.
This offset will like increase this line and then attach a rectangular node to that tree.
Okay, so this while loop is for suppose this stack is empty in the beginning or so one only one of
these conditions should we need to be true in order to enter inside this loop.
So either the stack is empty, like not empty or current is not equal to none.
So this is like basically meaning the tree is empty.
So we have to push that current into the stack and then it will point to current will point to current
left.
So yes, if that stack is empty or we can say that there is no node present in the tree, then we will
like push this node inside the stack and this will become the root of the tree.
And this is how this graphic is drawing the line and the rectangle for storing the other note.
So this is drawing a line in order to join our element to the tree.
So this was all about like graphics which were attaching nodes once we are hitting on our button by
inputting any integer now.
Let us initialize this best visualization class.
So best visualization and calling the initialize function which is basically going to initialize the
frame.
We have discussed this in the prototype part that we have to initialize the frame after declaring all
the variables.
Now let us create this initialize as a function.
So public void initialize.
And this initialize is like going to set up the structure for the frame and the layout also.
So initialize inside this.
We are going to set a size for the frame.
So set size.
And the dimensions are going to be.
Okay.
So suppose there are 1307 hundred.
Oh, yes.
We are setting the dimensions as 1307 hundred, which is ultimately the size of the frame.
Now, size will get bounce.
Like boundaries get bounce and.
After this.
X is going to.
Store signs don't wait.
By the.
Okay.
So this is all about the size for the frame.
Now coming to the panel.
So top panel, we have initial initialize this panels on the top of this.
Yes.
Here we have initialized the stock panel, three panel, four panel and everything.
So we are going to call this top panel as a new panel.
And inside this panel.
A new border layout.
Is going to be okay.
So we have to use this border layout structure.
And after this.
Our bracket, of course, as we are calling this border layout as a function.
Now a rectangle is drawn at the top.
Rectangle.
And stop.
Top panel.
Not yet.
Once again, that top panel will get a rectangular, bounded kind of structure.
So this top panel is basically this title panel.
And after this, we are going to cover the top left panel, which is for the biased height thing and
again, for the top right, which is for the buttons.
And we have a three panel also for containing the three.
And then we are having an info panel which is basically containing the in order reorder and the post
order.
Okay.
So yes, as we have discussed that this is for the left panel, this is for the top right panel.
This three panel is containing the three.
So everything is here panel, whether it is the title or this beastie height or this buttons or the
tree or the info panel.
So everything is stored inside the panel.
We are using that panel component of the string package and storing everything inside the panel only.
Yes, also this info panel.
Now after like initializing the frame, calling this initialize function, setting panels for everything
coming towards the labels.
So suppose the first thing we want to discuss is the VSD height.
So firstly we have to set a title for that label like the label is going to be Beastie Hide.
Also, there is some form which in which this Beastie Height is written and this answer for the Beastie
Hide is covered inside this pack like we are inputting the like any tree and the algo is calculating
the height for the tree and showing it in the height of beastie.
Answer part So yes, this is a J label.
Of course that is some height, that is some size.
And also okay, so let's see what's next in the row.
So we have covered this top left panel now coming to this top right panel which is containing a text
field for getting the data by the user and add button and a delete button.
So for the like text field we have, we have already declared this text field STF Now again invoking
it here as a method.
So this is going to be a text field initially it is going to contain an empty text, like no text will
be displayed initially in the text field.
The next thing is to set up font for this set font and we are going to set Arial as this text fields
font.
Like when the user will input some odd number inside the text field, then there should be a font for
that text.
I will show you how this is working.
Like suppose here we have entered 400 inside this.
Then that is basically a font style for this, a font thickness like font weight, we can say that and
a bold text in the padding here.
So we will write the code according to that only.
So setting the font as.
Inside this new phone, again, a bracket containing area.
And a font is like a bold font.
So we have to like decide everything in the beginning, only not how this font is going to appear.
So font dot bold and the weight of the font is going to be 20.
So this is all about the fun thing.
Now, the next thing, we are going to cover this.
So we have to enclose this inside.
This part, only the initialize function.
Now the next thing is yes, the button.
And so we have to look up to the add button.
Okay.
So after the text feel we are coming to the end button.
So we are creating our button j button components from the string library here.
Java Export String J button.
So this J button is coming from that string library only and it is containing a text added here you
can see that this button is created in this way.
We have set a font style, a bold font and the font weight for that.
Now we have added an action listener to that add button how that button is going to look.
So and how that button is going to work, we have to decide it inside that initialize function only.
Similarly for the delete button, the add button and delete button are totally similar to each other.
The font style and the font weight and everything is going to seem like look like the same thing.
Just the difference is that we are adding action list.
So this is like this action list that will be invoked with the help of this weight and data and for
delete it is going to invoke with be then delete now are creating a label for the terror cells also
like that in order post order and pre order.
So basically this is containing a label title and answer for that label.
So this is the text in order and the answer for this in order.
So basically there are two things a label and the answer so in order label is covered.
Using this we have used times New Roman as the font and we have added that to the info panel.
Using label in order for the answer we have created and set in order function the object.
We can say that and we will invoke this using our answer in order.
Okay.
So this info panel is added in the form of a box.
Like you can see that this is a box.
Basically it is resizable.
It can increase its size as the members inside the tree will increase, then it will change its size
accordingly.
So these things are going to work similarly for the pre order and post order also.
Yes, we are going to add all three of them inside the frame with the help of info panel add as this
is consisting inside the info panel.
So we are adding this to the frame with the help of info panel.
Add given there are dimensions for the text field, like how we can add this.
There is a length like a dimension for the text field which is containing this in order answer, preorder,
answer and post utterance.
Now suppose that there is no notes inside the tree.
Suppose the tree is empty.
Then here we are going to display that we it stays empty in all three of them.
So basically this label is containing beasties empty in the answer section if there is no node inside
the tree.
So this was all about the like labels inside the panel, like how we are adding the labels for the height,
the add button, the text field and everything.
So this text field is request, focus and window.
We have to enable these text fields focus in the window.
Initially there is no text, but when we enter any text, then there are cursor is appearing that yes,
we have entered a text and this is for the title panel.
So we have discussed it in the first part while we were discussing the in working of this application
that there is a closed button and there is a title.
So yes, this was all about this initialize function of the frame.